[docs] Update CloudEventsConverter docs (#4920)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/integrations/cloudevents.adoc

"transforms.addMetadataHeaders.headers": "source,op,transaction",
"transforms.addMetadataHeaders.operation": "copy",
"transforms.addMetadataHeaders.predicate": "isHeartbeat",
"transforms.addMetadataHeaders.negate": true,
"transforms.outbox.type": "io.debezium.transforms.outbox.EventRouter",
"transforms.outbox.table.fields.additional.placement": "type:header",
"predicates": "isHeartbeat",
"predicates.isHeartbeat.type": "org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.predicates.TopicNameMatches",
"predicates.isHeartbeat.pattern": "__debezium-heartbeat.*",
"value.converter": "io.debezium.converters.CloudEventsConverter",
"value.converter.metadata.location": "header",
"header.converter": "org.apache.kafka.connect.json.JsonConverter",
"header.converter.schemas.enable": true
...
----

Please note, that you may need to filter tombstone and heartbeat messages for the `HeaderFrom` transform to work.

Specifying `metadata.location` property as above will cause the two omitted parts of the property's value — `id` and `type` sources — to also have
`header` value because that is a global setting.

=== Obtaining `id` and `type` of a CloudEvent

> By default, `id` and `type` fields of a CloudEvent are generated automatically. You can customize this behavior by providing your
> values for the fields in headers. For example, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the CloudEvents converter automatically generates `id` and `type` fields for an event. 
You can customize the way that the converter populates these fields by specifying values for the fields in headers. 
For example:
```

[source,json,indent=0,subs="+attributes"]
----
"value.converter.metadata.location": "value,id:header,type:header"
----

> In this way, before the converter, you should add `id` and `type` headers with the required values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the preceding configuration in effect, you could configure upstream functions to add `id` and `type` headers with the values that you want to pass to the CloudEvents converter.
```

// Title: Configuration of sources of metadata and some CloudEvents fields
[[configuration-of-sources-of-metadata-and-some-cloudevents-fields]]
== Configuration of sources of metadata and some CloudEvents fields

By default, the `metadata.location` property consists of three parts, as seen in the following example:

[source,json,indent=0,subs="+attributes"]
----
"value,id:generate,type:generate"
----

The first part specifies the source for retrieving a record's metadata; the permitted values are `value` and `header`. 
The next parts specify how to obtain the `id` and `type` fields of a CloudEvent; the permitted values are `generate` and `header`.

=== Obtaining record metadata

To construct a CloudEvent, the converter requires source, operation, and transaction metadata.
Generally, the converter can retrieve the metadata from a record's value. 
But in some cases, before the converter receives a record, the record might be processed in such a way that metadata is not present in its value, for example, after the record is processed by the Outbox Event Router SMT.
To preserve the required metadata, you can use the following approach to pass the metadata in the record headers.

> .Procedure

Author: It seems to me that it is displayed not as was intended

> .Procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Procedure
```

> 1. When the record is processed by other pipeline jobs before it reaches the converter, implement a mechanism for recording the metadata in the message headers, for example, by using the `HeaderFrom` SMT.

Author: I think, this need to change somehow because a user should add metadata to headers whether or not there are the jobs before the converter (if the user enabled 2.). Even if there is no one job before the converter, probably the user should create one (for example, HeadersFrom transform) just to add headers
